okay guys it's finally here another
episode of pink slips this time it will
be been taking otaku stern and hopefully
we don't lose them so many of you ask me
how can you blame me just follow me on
twitter because i will pick a winner
over there like in this been taking look
at who paints lips I just tweeted out to
guess a number between 1 to 50 in the
closest person to number 23 was this guy
I don't I won't bother spelling that
because I can't spell thats pretty much
so yeah just more follow me on twitter
and tote with their yeah that's good
start okay just want to tell you guys if
I lose this game I'm done I have nothing
left only if i sell i sell this team I
will get something for the next pink
slips so I hopefully hopefully we won't
lose this shit okay come on oh my god
finally took it forever ok he has 82
attack I'm fucked let's face let's see
ok I can be that I can be that ok when
it no yes yes yes go on no yeah Rob let
me go go what it's over sit the fuck
down yes yes fuck
and tech a
no oh my how can Kony past four
defenders in one run what the fuck you
are you wanking or something man yes go
go please please wait that please nooo
yeah what no no way oh fuck oh man haha
halftime even game but I think I deserve
to win until now hey here comes a corner
AKA penalty no no fakes fucking headers
come on go go yes yes yes with that what
what the fuck what okay please one last
attack please yes Ben Arfa yes why the
fuck would you blow the fucking whistle
there I was scoring your fucking bread
and also what the fuck mindig lu can
miss an open net no fucking fuck man
fuck